Add more detail to PR recommendations (#108)
guardian/recommendations: pull-requests.md

- Multiple teams might be submitting changes to the repository
- Some code changes may have non-obvious impact. For example, whether a code change directly or indirectly impacts data security. Understanding the impact of a change can be hard without the insight and input of a subject matter expert.

# The art of raising a PR
It is worth reading [GitHub's blog post "How to write the perfect pull request"](https://github.com/blog/1943-how-to-write-the-perfect-pull-request), and [How to Make Your Code Reviewer Fall in Love with You](https://mtlynch.io/code-review-love/) as these are offer excellent advice on Pull Requests (PRs).

The following are generally applicable to PRs, but are not hard rules.

## Small
A PR should be easy to understand, and address a single concern.

There should be a manageable number of changes in a PR. Try to make your PR as small as possible while still advancing the functionality of the product.

If a PR is too complex, it is much easier for issues to be missed. In addition if trying to understand an aspect of the code change in the future, it becomes harder to understand if buried in a very large and complex PR.

> Aim to deploy a PR before submitting the next one. Frequently small deployments of functionality are easier to review and easier to understand in production.

Author: I refer to these as Stacked PRs. There are a few good reads about this (for example [this](https://benjamincongdon.me/blog/2022/07/17/In-Praise-of-Stacked-PRs/) or [this](https://blog.logrocket.com/using-stacked-pull-requests-in-github/)).

Although I often use them, I do sometimes find them tricky. For example, if the history of a parent PR is rewritten, the child PR needs to be rebased so that it merges cleanly, however the rebase isn't always trivial.

For this reason, I'd be tempted to avoid _recommending_ them here, but I do agree, it'll be nice to make a note of this practice somewhere.

> Aim to deploy a PR before submitting the next one. Frequently small deployments of functionality are easier to review and easier to understand in production.

Reviewer: agree they're useful judiciously, but i find they often create noise for reviewers, even though they make a lot of sense the to PR raiser (which one do i need to review? which of these other PRs that are open and look like the need reviewing don't need reviewing yet?)

in a small team where everyone knows what's going on that's not a huge overhead. but in larger codebases, esp with lots of external contributors, it can be cumbersome

## Releasable
A PR should be releasable once its review is complete.

The person submitting the PR should be prepared to merge and release the change.

If these things are not true then you should address the blockers before raising the PR.

>**Note**
>Consider deploying the change to a pre-PROD environment to test your change in the wild.

## Descriptive
A PR's description should include sufficient information on what the change is and why it is necessary.

This is an investment in your own future peace of mind. Once a PR is merged it will effectively be documentation of how the code has changed. There should be enough information on the reasoning behind the change to enable it to be understood by someone reading it for the first time.

Where necessary, it should also describe how to test, what success looks like, and what a rollback would involve.

## Narrative
It should be clear what the aim of each commit was.

> A commit message should talk about _what_ changed, and _why_. Not _how_. How is the diff itself, and you don’t need to repeat it.

Reviewer 2: Should we link to a good article on rewriting git history?

There's a good one from Github I cannot find and one @sndrs shared before I cannot remember the title of…

Author: Will merge this PR as is, but lets add the link once we find it.

Reviewer: was it this? https://tekin.co.uk/2019/02/a-talk-about-revision-histories

it was @akash1810 that pointed me to it :)

Reviewer 2: “It’s the circle of life… 🎶”

If the requested change is in dispute, for example, the author of the PR disagrees with the change or thinks it should be applied separately, the process for resolution is as follows:
- PR author and change requester speak face-to-face (or on chat), and attempt to resolve their differences. The outcome of this discussion should be summarised and recorded in the PR.
- If the PR author and change requester are unable to agree, a third party should be brought into the discussion to facilitate, and if necessary make a final decision on the item under consideration. The outcome of this discussion should be summarised and recorded in the PR.

### Approve
Approving the PR will allow the author to merge the code. The author should address, and respond to comments on the PR before they do so.

PR approval allows the addition of a general comment that will be displayed in the conversation tab.

Note: If a different reviewer has requested a code change using the “request change” option, you will not be able to approve the PR.  It is effectively blocked until the requester has approved the PR.

# Merging is not the end!

> A PR is not finished when you merge it - check your PR in Production after it's deployed! Although unit & integration tests can add a lot of confidence that your change is good, looking at your change in Production is the ultimate ,and most important place to check your PR is delivering what's wanted.

Reviewer 2: Rogue comma, mix of ampersand and not, use of capitalised Production, but PROD is used elsewhere.

```suggestion
A PR is not finished when you merge it - check your release in PROD after it's deployed! Although unit and integration tests can add a lot of confidence that your change is good, looking at your change in PROD is the ultimate and most important place to check your PR is delivering what's wanted.
```

Author: I missed some! https://github.com/guardian/recommendations/pull/110.

* **A new UI feature** : A screenshot or even video of the feature in action in Production. This doesn't need to be too extensive, because you should already have screenshots/video in the main PR description! If the new feature is being A/B tested, you may want to link to the results. ([example](https://github.com/guardian/ophan/pull/3406#issuecomment-522595859))
* **Performance improvements** : A graph showing how performance has improved post-deployment! ([example](https://github.com/guardian/ophan/pull/4435#issuecomment-1056778719))
* **A security/bug fix** : any evidence that the bug is no longer there, eg a screenshot, video, or log-search. ([example](https://github.com/guardian/ophan/pull/2896#issuecomment-415489771))

# Additional resources
A very good summary of good commit messaging can be found [here](https://www.slideshare.net/jaylett/on-committing-well) and [here](https://tekin.co.uk/2019/02/a-talk-about-revision-histories).

> It is worth reading [GitHub's blog post "How to write the perfect pull request"](https://github.com/blog/1943-how-to-write-the-perfect-pull-request), and [How to Make Your Code Reviewer Fall in Love with You](https://mtlynch.io/code-review-love/) as these are offer excellent advice on Pull Requests (PRs).

Reviewer 2: I think this is a repetition. Do we want to lean into Markdown and implement footnotes?
